[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlear
sophie my name is karsten
let's see we have what kind of stuff
should i make
let's see we needed to make one of those
with something i probably can't do yet
we need to actually try to get
i think
further into
we need to get a better call run
let's make this since we haven't made
some of this yet
and let's do
that and
that
one of those and what
now which cauldron okay i'll try it
i'll try this keep going great i feel
like something great
all right this looks great
whoa this looks kind of amazing
yeah i should finish it
so we got another level out of that
finally made that
[Music]
let's see we'll go ahead and make one of
these materials to use
i should go pick up some more well water
for generic things
is this good which cauldron should i use
okay let's start
how about this yeah this looks good
oh this this is good oh this
this is good
[Music]
is this good all right i'll finish it
now
wow what trades between now let's see
we'll do
that
is this okay
oh sure
[Music]
now we needed to make or we needed to
use an ice bomb i think that's what we
needed to do with that
let's see if there's any requests
that want us to go beat stuff up welcome
which request will you accept
that needs some stuff i can't do yet
verdant hill
[Music]
hmm
those i think i can fight thank you
[Music]
vernon hill though
i don't know where that is
[Music]
first hill though that is over there
why have i not seen princess grass yet
[Music]
let's accept that welcome
and head over to that area
where are we going next
i apparently haven't
apparently missing something there
[Music]
let's use that since we're going to be
gathering here
[Music]
oh i bet i haven't gone all the way up
as i bet i ran into one of these things
and got completely demolished and had to
run away
or die let's see
well that's a cave i probably wouldn't
have flowers
they don't look very strong
yeah we can take care of these guys well
actually
i might hold off
and just defend
until they use a skill if this doesn't
completely kill them
which it probably will
attacking that was an easy victory
let's continue like this
since that
[Music]
i had to i had a note to get something
from
lightning where the lightning is a skill
or the enemy
i have to watch i don't know
[Music]
let's go back out here
let's use this again
[Music]
oh now they're gone
okay this should be an easy fight
i have to fight some of these guys
[Music]
but i still have not spotted
those flowers which are supposed to be
[Music]
somewhere in this area
at least according to that quest oh
hello
inferior creatures let's end this
okay if we go to defensive let's go to
defensive this will probably kill one of
them
hopefully not two though
watch out
so what i'm gonna do i'm gonna be in
defensive
and defend for a round or two
please visit me
[Music]
and hopefully either the warning or one
of the skills they use
will get me that note
[Music]
could get some poison
wait another round or two they're using
a skill again
all right well let's finish them off and
see if that got me
what i need here it goes
this was an obvious result
no it did not
[Music]
so where are those flowers
still not seeing those flowers
[Music]
see back this way
they don't look very strong
so we will again defend a few rounds and
see if we can get these guys
to do whatever it is that i need for
that note
[Music]
that won't work
do they have any other skills or
anything that they use besides the ones
i've already seen
in the last battle or two
[Music]
okay we'll go through this round we've
got another skill and another warning
see if they do anything else
[Music]
he's clawing probably the poison again
okay fine so they don't seem to want to
do
anything else we will just go back to
offensive and beat them all up
[Music]
all right
and i still don't know where those
flowers
are they're supposed to be around here
[Music]
but they're not i wonder if that working
till exhausted note is running out of
uh lp i can walk back and forth
until that happens certainly
um
[Music]
i guess foggy woodland is the
only place that has stuff i need to do
[Music]
yeah i need to fight some of these guys
please be careful this will be a tough
battle
all right since they say it's going to
be tough we will go ahead and go all out
with buffs and everything
and you go ahead and do rainshot
actually do rainshot on that guy
although that weak one's probably gonna
die just from these bombs
not quite
[Music]
okay so we got around a healing coming
and that will probably almost finish
them off
in fact let's do this
[Music]
you attack you
duplicate that
and you attack and
attack
[Music]
semi-random actions apparently
got a bunch of levels there i got
stronger again
and some money did i grow stronger
i don't really feel it i think i'm
stronger
and taller
all right
[Music]
got some items
i can't care anymore um
[Music]
drop that
and let's see that
and that
okay well since i can't do anything else
here
actually what we'll do we'll head back
out
and wander back and forth until i run
out of lp
[Music]
got a destination
let's just wait walk way over to here
[Music]
huh
and walk way back over
to here and
walk way back over to here
sophie has a lot of lp
i hope this does what i think it will
[Music]
which is get me that
that note for working until exhausted
one
[Music]
and zero so everyone's lp is zero
working still exhausted that did it
nectar of life okay still
do not have
[Music]
some of these others i need
oh i forgot to use the ice bomb
[Music]
okay i'm gonna go back and do that real
quick because
i want to
get that taken care of
and that shouldn't be too hard
may as well use that
not you
there you are okay
i can fight too
actually if we do it on that no it only
hit one
that will hit three of them though
i'll use this
don't blame me for whatever happens
this is a chance
[Music]
that's going to be annoying
we can still we should still be able to
finish these guys off
i won't hold back
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
okay
[Music]
so we got that done
i'll just grab this real quick and then
head back
since i am kind of injured
[Music]
and i can get a couple more safely
that's uh some good quality stuff i'm
getting here
[Music]
all right that's that
and back we'll drop these off
what
[Music]
did that not oh wait there's that
am i not interpreting what that does
[Music]
correctly
anyway i did we got those
[Music]
got that
let's head into the cafe
turn in those quests oh not rumors
welcome which ones will you oh we can do
this easy
these are all the same right yeah
thank you
[Music]
that i still don't know where that
princess grass is
four of those gets me a couple thousand
that's good thank you very much
[Music]
i need to make three of those
welcome what rumor do you wish to hear
[Music]
all right let's see what this says
probably pretty generic
yeah hmm
welcome house
let's see if anyone has any oh i need to
turn in
uh that bridge that i made
i have some new merchants
leon ah sophie you see me like you're in
a good mood
[Music]
actually i have a present for you ta-da
is this a brooch did you make this
yeah i worked really hard to make it i
see
so this is for me i'm really happy
all the expensive jewelry i've had until
now doesn't even compare
that's an exaggeration it's not really
that expensive at all
no having the highest price doesn't
always mean something's the most
valuable
the price doesn't matter i'm sure this
perch will be something i'll treasure
all my life
thank you sophie i'm glad you like it so
much
you didn't seem very happy lately after
all it's true that i felt a little
depressed but
that was solved thanks to you too huh
what do you mean
i told you just now the highest priced
item isn't always the most valuable
the routes you gave me helped me realize
that i'm
sorry i still don't follow i'm saying
that my dream wasn't actually to become
the top clothier in my country
what really yeah i'd forgotten about
this for a long time but my real dream
was to create clothes that make people
smile
clothes that make people smile yep
you two were really happy when you were
close i made right that's the kind of
stuff i want to
create it's more important to see
important to me to see people smile
not getting top awards at some contest
i see so that's how you felt
[Music]
i've been chasing a different dream up
until now no wonder i wasn't satisfied
when i reached it
i feel like an idiot for being so
worried about it but i also feel really
relieved
that's good though you're much cooler
when you're happy and confident though
yeah anyway now that i've realized that
i can't just sit around forever
i'll keep working at it so feel free to
come to my shop anytime
okay i got it
land learns likes cute things
is that really a skill that you learn
you learn to like cute things
let's see what it does though
[Music]
enhances assist guard okay
anyone else have any
[Music]
what
all right let's head back actually let's
check
[Music]
here now what else did we need for some
of these
[Music]
i'm gonna try to get this one that's
obtaining a tuned cauldron
where do we get a tuned cauldron
lightning that one's gonna be tough
that one i could try making see what it
does
i wonder if
[Music]
i can't see what they
they do
[Music]
hmm and i'm not sure where
where i'd be able to see
[Music]
well that's interesting let's see at a
glance there
yeah those are going to be tough that
one
spirit weave cloth that would be good um
i really don't know where to get a tuned
cauldron
oh that's that requires the snowflake
crystal okay
hmm
[Music]
i'll make that
okay let's just talk to pamela real
quick
[Music]
nope um
just real quick talk to people see if i
get a cut scene
oh and
how about in here
i have what
nope
[Applause]
and
yeah we'll just go back to the outlier
hmm what to make
i can make that
[Music]
what materials may as well
let's see
[Applause]
start by category value
oh that is that then
[Music]
and we'll do fixed powers that
no not worried about that
uh it'll be critical then
[Music]
and that is this good which cauldron
should i use
hmm okay let's start
this isn't bad
[Music]
this is good
let's see
[Music]
this is good i'll use this here
oh this this is good yeah
this looks good oh this
this is good
[Music]
no i want to i want that one to be
big so let's see
this material is right here
[Music]
that's what happens
how about that for more bonus up there
[Music]
oh this this is good actually let's see
if we put that there this looks good
[Music]
yeah good
oh this this is good
there
[Music]
okay that's good all right i'll finish
it
now what traits to transfer
[Music]
and
that lots of chances to inflict slow and
freeze
and a little chance to critical
okay it's finished
[Music]
so let's go ahead and equip that
we'll give it to corey instead of the
ice bomb
that's about all we can do for right now
i need to figure out
do i have any other events now
where i can get a tuned cauldron
[Music]
and i need to fight monsters from
memories
and an unliving king
that would underground lake
so i need to go to the underground lake
okay we'll do that later for right now
hope you enjoy thanks for watching and
i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play out later
sophie my name is karsten
i'm recording this immediately after the
previous one because i wanted to
remember that we needed to go
to the underground lake
where should i go which is up here
[Music]
and we need to hopefully not die here
because if i remember right we died when
we were trying to get to the end of the
last
area
[Music]
[Applause]
i'm not going to gather right now
because i don't want to bother
with the fact that we'll lose stuff if
we die
although i might fight these guys for
the money
since they're trivial and we get money
from them
[Applause]
that was a piece of cake not a lot of
money
but it helps make up for some of the
costs of adventuring
this looks easy let's end this clip
that wasn't satisfying next
sneak around you
[Music]
sense an unusual presence
i'll go ahead and use this now
and i suspect it's towards
this back corner here
yeah i bet it's that red guy there
i will try to fight him oh crap
we need to do our best they look strong
um defensive and run
okay because i
only want to fight that guy
[Music]
this would be an easy fight oh well
that's
sounds pro um well actually 999 isn't
that bad
i will however definitely use soul step
use that
use the ice bomb
we'll do that because it can do some
support actions next turn
[Music]
it's not doing a whole lot we definitely
need to do some
not good
that's very not good
[Music]
all right let's see
um
try that
that's not doing a lot
don't blame me for whatever happens
[Music]
can you keep up with me
that is really not doing
[Music]
as much as i'd hoped
this is really not helping
[Music]
um
so right now
let's do that maybe inflict weak
do that and hopefully reduce
his attack power or something
[Music]
i have a feeling we're all going to die
that's all you can do is attack or
defend
i'll do that
[Music]
and you're back up to full really
seriously beautiful
[Music]
yeah this will be an easy fight for them
don't underestimate me
i'm honestly surprised that those two
have lasted as long as they have
a full swing
[Music]
leave it to me
the problem is they aren't doing just
enough
can you keep up with me
[Music]
and he gets two attacks which tend to be
pretty strong
[Music]
and i can't run so
no sense using items since we're going
to lose anyway
here we go
and there he just regens again
[Music]
are you here ah that was surprising what
is it leon
[Music]
do you two want to go to the prospector
strand sometime for a vacation
prospector strand i've never heard of
that
oh really that's fine though i know
where it is
i see that's good but wow swimming
that sounds fun we'd love to go right
placto
i'll pass i don't enjoy the water that
much
wait really you never told me
well you see i was a book for a long
time so i always feel the sense of
reluctance around water
you'll be fine you weren't a book
anymore so it's fine if you get wet
and i want to go have fun with you isn't
it okay
i understand if you insist i'll go with
you
sounds like it's all decided i'll leave
the timing for when we go up to you
okay i got it then i'll see you later
sophie
[Music]
a vacation with leon huh sounds fun
now we got a couple items
and uh defeating those gold ponies
basically made up for the
cost of refreshing those items
let's go ahead and
what's corey doing over there
[Music]
what are you doing fritz ah sophie i was
watching people
watching people yeah how can i put it
to put it simply i was observing the
people of this town
why would you do that well you see as
people who live in town go about their
lives they show subtle natural behaviors
it's actually a good reference for when
making dolls
i see so that's why you're watching them
it's a custom i've had for a long time
stand at a street corner at set times
and observe people
watching just a little is enough to see
their subtle habits and nonsense
it's actually quite fascinating habits
huh
i wonder if i have any of course your
habits are very easy to see
huh really your habits are
no i shouldn't say it would be boring if
i just told you
what you can't just stop now you're
making me even more worried it doesn't
matter what your habits are
they're all part of what makes you
unique cherish that
no way stop being mean and just tell me
fritz
see you later sophie
[Music]
oh come on fritz
now where is
[Music]
what's corey doing over there
who are you
[Music]
corey what are you doing here oh sophie
oh you're listening to the music box you
really do like that music box don't you
yes i like it very much it's like my
treasure now
a treasure huh i started all this to
find my dad but
lately i've been feeling like this is
more important
i don't really care about finding my dad
anymore
what really is that really okay
i'm joking i still want to meet my dad
okay that's good it's too hard to tell
when you're joking corey
i'm sorry but it's also true that i
cherish this music box
i was able to obtain a treasure like
this because i opened my store and
because i met you
that's why i'm glad i opened my
duplication store
[Music]
i'm glad i met you too corey yes i hope
to keep seeing you sophie
yeah me too this is just the beginning
all right now
[Music]
let's go ahead and
go back to the world map
[Music]
where can we go next and a prospector
strand was over here
right
there it is
[Music]
hmm
wow it's amazing it's so pretty
[Music]
sophie it's dangerous to run around
carelessly
[Music]
now then this spot should be good how
about we get dressed for a vacation
[Music]
this is fun you should come over here
too pluckta
she's calling for you are you sure you
shouldn't go
yes sophie's stamina is always endless
during times like this
i just get tired trying to team up with
her
also i'm still reluctant to get wet take
that
ah stop stop that sophie don't splash
water onto me
no way i won't stop until you come over
here
sophie i'll get mad if you don't behave
yourself hey sophie
you two really get along
oh that was fun man thank you so much
for inviting us
my clothes are all wet i feel so
uncomfortable
i'm glad you had fun hey both of you
this won't be for a while but
i'm thinking about leaving this town
this is sudden
why because i remembered what i really
wanted to do
oh you mean your real dream the one you
talked about before
yeah i can't just stay here forever so
i'm not going to be land for much longer
i need to go back to being amelia and
make clothes that really put smiles on
people's faces
i can understand that but if you left
i'd
and don't make a face like that i made
those clothes for you while thinking
about your smile
they look best when you're smiling so
you need to always keep that bright
smile okay
play on also i said it wouldn't be for a
while
i plan to relax here for a little longer
so i'd be happy if we got along while
i'm still here in town
yeah i promise
i unlearned the skill aggressive sense
[Music]
increases skill power increases critical
bonus okay
don't think there's anything i need to
do while i'm here actually
um let's just
yeah i guess let's just head back to
[Music]
town
did that not did i use the wrong thing
again
[Music]
i keep using that instead of this
[Applause]
let's grab the well water
[Music]
curry is over here again
let's see what she has to say still in
the same spot over here
[Music]
oh corey you're listening to the music
box again yes
it's becoming like a daily routine for
me now
i see it really is a nice tune though
yes hey what are you two doing here
oh hello g are you listening to corey's
music box
i see so that box is a music box
pretty nostalgic tune i wonder how many
years it's been since i heard it last
but audrey you know this tune
yeah it's not exactly the same but i
heard it when i traveled for training
really logie can you please tell us more
we might figure something out about
cory's dad
i'd like to ask as well
i heard this song in a country far to
the east of here
that reminds me there were lots of
people over there who wear clothes like
yours
and what else do you know anything else
let's see also
that's about it thank you so much you
really helped
thank you very much no problem i'm glad
i could help
anyway i'll get going now
[Music]
that's great cory we got to hear all
kinds of things
yes he really did have a lot to tell us
so my people are in a country to the
east my dad could be in the east too
um corey are you thinking about going to
look for him
i don't know not right now at least
i see it would get kind of lonely around
here if corey left this town
but it would be to find her dad i would
need to support her decision if she does
all right now let's go to the cafe
[Music]
and see if there's any requests that i
need to take care of
[Music]
well that's easy
um yeah that one's fine thank you
[Music]
yeah i don't think i'll bother with that
well that's easy enough
[Music]
thank you
fond of healthy things is that rumor old
thank you liam doesn't like
hot and sweaty things is that rumor
thank you very much monica doesn't like
monster feathers
is that rumor thank you
okay town has a long history
is that rumor okay let's go ahead and
check this one out
unusual cotton at vernon hill
the compounds that dragons dislike
okay oh i should make some items that
have like undead slayer and stuff to
fight that guy
[Music]
you have any more cut scenes for me
right now no come back
[Music]
actually are you
wanderer's shirt is probably the best i
can make for her right now is that still
right
well what armor do you want
yeah it is
[Music]
though i might enhance it let's see
you're sure right yeah as well it boosts
everything up a bit more
all right now let's see do you have any
more cut scenes for me at the moment you
do
sophie welcome huh you're running your
store like usual
am i not allowed to do that no i just
figured you'd go on a journey to find
your dad
ah that i thought about it but i'm not
going to go on a journey
really why not i know about my people's
homeland now but there's no guarantee
that my dad is there
it would be better to make my store
bigger and get more famous
and wait for my dad to come to me
i see yes also i would be a little sad
leaving you sophie
cory yeah i don't want to be separated
from you either
i don't need to travel someday someday
i'm sure that the sound of the music box
you helped
fix will lead my dad to the store until
then i'll keep doing my best here
yeah he should work hard and aim to make
the story the biggest one in christian
bell
yes so please buy even more things at my
store from now on
you're always trying to make a sale i
got it i'll keep buying more things here
oh but cory don't work too hard and end
up shrinking so much that you disappear
i'll try not to good
now maybe i'll take a look at what you
have to sell
corny learned element absorb
that sounds useful uh
status corey
[Music]
part of damage dealt restores hp okay
that's cool
so she gets that automatically
[Music]
[Applause]
now
what can we make here that would be
useful
oh yeah i need to make that
okay what should i make
it's probably under recovery right yeah
nectar of life
what material should i use oh i bet this
is a res that would be really useful if
it is
[Music]
let's see
[Applause]
um
[Music]
yeah let's just sort these by category
value
and here
i don't want to lose that uh we'll do
that one maybe
yeah we'll do that one
[Music]
and
get that
[Music]
[Applause]
does flickering light do again
hmm that might be useful
but now we'll do
that so we have more that's blue
okay then let's start
[Music]
all right this is going well
and we'll put that one there
yeah this is going great
[Music]
this is great and that
hmm yeah this is good
[Music]
let's see that's gonna have to go
there
[Music]
should go here
actually
[Music]
hmm
yeah do that
[Music]
and then that maybe
this material goes here
yeah i guess that is this really okay
now i want to see if i can get some blue
this material goes here
so those are gonna go
[Music]
yeah this is going great
let's see if i put that there
[Music]
if i put that one
there and there
[Music]
this should go here
yeah this is going great if i put that
one
i guess here maybe
and then we put that
there this is going great
[Music]
yeah this is going great and then this
one
here
[Music]
is this really okay okay
[Applause]
okay recovery medium regen small yeah
we'll
go with that what traits should i add
probably only get it's probably only
going to affect one right
[Music]
um
so effective versus one
[Applause]
we'll do that
level up out of it now what we need to
do
is we need to get several of those
because i want them
on not one hour i need to
rest until morning
[Music]
and then go register that because i'm
going to want
some of those on more than on multiple
characters
i actually have something to tell you
today sophie
[Music]
what is it starting next time
i'll be refilling your items for free
what no you don't have to do that that
would be too much
no it's okay you're always helping me
i'm making a special exception just for
you
i see okay i'll take you up on that
offer then
yes please just leave it to me
well that's awesome
[Music]
now yeah i'll be getting some of those
i'll go ahead and
grab all those so i have them and i will
be overriding
[Music]
those with the res i see
okay wait what oh i don't even
i can i can register more things that's
awesome
i don't know when that started but i am
not going to complain
thank you okay
we'll go ahead and equip
clock to seem pretty durable
[Music]
we'll give her that to start with
and
[Music]
okay
so that's good now but i'm going to want
to have that on with as many people as
possible
so once that duplicates i'll be handing
that out to everyone
and hopefully that will help a lot in
some of the fights
let me just grab more water real quick
here
[Music]
barrel barrel
[Applause]
it appears to be a barrel thanks block
duck
all right well that's it for now hope
you enjoy thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back to it let's play at your
sophie my name is karsten
i did a very small bit of things off
screen
what i did is
i made what i made uh i upgraded
equipment here
it says large damage cut and i
also made
some more of these a better
specifically this bomb that has undead
slayer
and flick no heal
now did i
[Music]
okay i have not set it up
i need to pass some time so that the
duplicates are made i did put it
into corey's
cory shop so it'll be duplicated but i
have not
passed any time yet because i didn't
want any cut scenes to show up
well i did that and wasn't recording
where to
now if we look on here
then i can't do that
[Music]
yeah i'm not sure about some of these
but i want to get some more equipment
now
foggy woodland is that the one
that's yeah i'm not sure about
that i'm not sure where to get those
but i will actually
okay i should go to vernon hill
[Music]
and take care of that rumor
now what is that thing that showed up
there
[Music]
is it that maybe it's saying that this
only has five days left
because i see that little one thing up
there
i might be complaining that i'm almost
out of time on one of them
so i don't think those guys even though
they're called lightning i don't think
those are
what i need to get
for that uh lightning memo
so we've got those
[Music]
let's just where was the exit
that's over there walked right past it
[Music]
all right where to
we'll go ahead and try going up there
and run through here another time just
to see if we can
spot those guys
okay inferior creatures
i don't think they're here
[Applause]
i'll just attack with everyone else
[Music]
so those guys are not trivial
don't think these guys are this will be
your opponent
no these guys are not yet trivial
but i did get everyone that can hold
them
to hold at least one of these
which should help out
in case people start getting killed
i'll use this
[Music]
[Applause]
all right now we should be able to
just beat these guys into submission at
this point
[Music]
this was an obvious result yeah that
wasn't too bad
oh that's a lot of stuff
you are not who i need to fight either
are you
no you aren't
[Music]
that was an easy victory let's continue
like this
actually i'm kind of close to leveling i
think i will fight
one more round of these guys
the fun's just getting started
which we should be able to do without
too much trouble
[Music]
with all these aoes that i have here for
these guys
okay
[Music]
those guys are kind of annoying
okay now you're poisoned so that's going
to be a little annoying
in fact go ahead and
use that on yourself since you get free
refills
uh you go ahead and use that one more
time
finish them off you just attack
this one
and of course wasn't paying attention
got heals anyway so oh well
[Music]
advanced points what
level max okay so what are these advance
point things do we get a tutorial on
those
i got stronger again
[Music]
did i grow stronger i don't really feel
it
i feel like working my art i think
i'm stronger and taller
okay um i do not know this
but let's go back home
[Music]
i think those last even stronger look
with different ways to fight too
all right time to get even stronger
[Music]
you can now learn abilities
uh yes i would like to view an
explanation of this
you can check abilities by pressing
triangle under status in the main menu
the ability system allows you to
strengthen characters by spending points
earned through gaining experience
lots of experience then develop your
characters according to your preferences
i did my best to refill the
i wasn't paying attention was that other
status
[Music]
abilities yes so 10 points
interesting
iron will might be good
[Music]
as is capable alchemist i might just
pick up these two
reduced status ailments turns chance to
avoid knockout and
increases item power those two sound
real good
that sounds good too
[Music]
um i think i'm gonna pick up these two
for sophie
[Music]
now
what do you have
duplication alchemy turns into rapid
alchemy
not sure what i wish i could see what
the difference is
on these
increases speed and all stats in
proportion to speed
that's kind of cool
increases skill power
that sounds really useful because going
earlier is good
i'm not sure what else to hit her with
at the
moment now how about you
soul step turns into grand step that's
i use that so often any bonus to it is
bound to be good
[Applause]
increases evasion rate would be good
increases break value
that is also really good
i think i'll pick up bond of life and
spirit
and grand step
[Music]
now what
increases level attack power defense and
speed okay
presumably just increases it more
how about you what can plock to get
two hander turns to nine hander that
sounds fun
[Music]
that might be good since i use rainshot
increases chance of chain attacks
mp automatically recovers and increases
maximum
that sounds kind of awesome
all stats increase
automatic recover from ko that sounds
good
and
automatic recoverer of mp
yeah i'm going with those two
i'll check out abilities on the other
guys later
so let's can we get to
no it's going to be night time by then
so we will wait until morning
now we will head over here
and see if i can pick up more of the
specialty bombs i made
[Music]
not quite yet
let's go over here which request um
we're just going to give up on that
uh that i could kill some of them
[Music]
i know where some of those are now
hmm oh i need to have one that has speed
enhanced
i won't bother with that right now
[Music]
welcome austin and actually let me go to
rumor welcome
what rumor do you wish to hear
hmm
is those monster ones probably are
kind of powerful i know that puny one
completely demolished me
well i'll hold off on those
let's see
we will just go here
and we will wait
a couple more days
[Music]
and now go back to
whoop not the cafe the street
and see if we have those bombs available
yet
um what
no
[Music]
all right will you hurry it up cory
there we've waited like another week
[Music]
[Applause]
oh i got a trophy for that i guess for
sleeping a whole week i get a trophy
at least there's no time limits on this
game
because i know on the other games even
when i'm ahead of schedule i hate to do
stuff like that
so now do you have thank you
probably don't need four more well
i'll go ahead and pick up four more
uh
i already picked up several of these and
everyone that can hold them is
so let's go to equipment here
you're not going to be carrying
effective versus many you're going to be
carrying that one again
you are going to be carrying a couple
more of these as well
because i don't think either of you can
carry those
how about plocta you'd think that plocto
would be able to oh she can
all right puny missile no special bomb
[Music]
yes
all right we
are going to give that guy another shot
where do you intend to go next where was
he
you see an underground lake i think he
was an underground lake
yeah i think he was an underground like
we'll find out
[Music]
i didn't
yeah it was in this somewhere around
here
[Music]
[Applause]
just going to go to the next area as
fast as i can
don't want to bother gathering in case
it goes horribly wrong
and don't want to fight anyone else
because i don't want
to waste any of my hps
or mp or anything else
[Music]
i'm kind of tempted to go after the gold
pooties because they're so trivial
i'm not going to bother
i'm going to go straight to that end bus
[Music]
if i can get to him without getting
attacked
and go around this way
[Music]
sneak around behind the wolves
crap
um defensive
run run run and run
[Music]
all right let's end this quick yeah you
thought it was going to be easy last
time we're going to go into defensive
mode
we're going to
do that that
grand step
and
[Music]
rainshot
take it
[Music]
time to get fired up
i'll protect you
at no heel is going to help a lot
because
you won't be able to do that 200 point
of turn heal anymore
okay now you had a
merciless kick
and that won't hit until next turn but
that's okay
and let's see do you have
a reduced level there
and do range shot again we'll keep doing
[Music]
that
beautifully
that's dangerous roll down
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah how are we doing
i think we got this
duplication alchemy again
go ahead and do star needle and go ahead
and do
two-hander this should take care of him
just a matter of getting the right items
and strategy
[Music]
a good chunk of money not much xp
and we got the next memory and now we
got these guys to deal with
um
i really don't want to deal with you
guys right now
[Music]
what i want to do is grab whatever's in
that chest
and whatever's in that chest
tuned cauldron all right that's another
idea and now
i'm going to run home
[Music]
angels whisper
and tuned cauldron
i finished writing it i'll take a look
i hope you can remember something again
yes ah
[Music]
what's wrong nothing i just remembered
something
you remembered something but it seemed
like you were angry
sophie would you come with me to the
scar of the land
[Music]
the scar of the land sure i can go
but why there's something i wish to tell
you there
does this have something to do with what
you just remembered
yes that's correct okay
let's go together
okay a new gathering field and we'll
have to go
to the scar of the land with her
uh let's see
now what does the tuned cauldron get me
what is that other new thing that i got
where is it
angel's whisperer should i use
holy water um
[Music]
i'm going to go into the church i think
that's they sell holy water here right
thank you for always buying from me i
know
i'll teach you about a special places
thanks
a special place yes the sealed
temple seal is something sealed away
inside
you'll just have to find out when you go
[Music]
come on can you tell me it would be
boring if you already knew what was
there
i don't know i guess so but
fine i'll give you just one hint
[Music]
the door isn't always open you may need
the power of time
time
[Music]
i don't get it you'll get it when you go
there
okay thank you pamela
do your best
[Music]
all right sealed temple
and i might have to fiddle with items to
get there
welcome okay
i'm gonna get some holy water here thank
you
[Music]
and i may as well go ahead and stock up
on these
[Music]
thank you very much
thank you
okay let's head back to the outlier
okay what should i make
what material should i use
[Music]
okay it's those ones that are generic so
we'll use some of those
i guess we use one of those and
probably one of those because i have a
bunch of them um
i don't know what angels whisper does
uh let's sort these by category value
though
[Music]
so
i guess we'll do i guess one of those
which
tuned cauldron what is the bonus
for their tuning
containing bonuses that the same that
are the same color as materials
already placed causes those materials to
gain the same bonus
okay
okay then let's start we'll give it a
try
this should go here yeah this is going
great
[Music]
yeah this is going great
all right this is going well
[Music]
is this really okay
um sure okay
it's time to finish and done what traits
should i add
[Applause]
and let's see
[Music]
cost bonus um
not sure how much that would help
recovery effect it looks like it's a
recovery item so we'll do that
uh we'll do cost bonus and use count
plus one
yeah this is all done
[Music]
learned recipe for floogal
i will have to check that out
let's see what it requires at least
probably under synthesis
that should get us some more oh i got a
ton of those things
i can make some of that easy
but we will do that later i should
probably get a better tuned cauldron
preferably one that lets me rotate
but for right now we'll end this episode
i hope you enjoy thanks for watching and
i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet your
sophie my name is carsten
i did a little playing around off screen
and i should be able to make
a much better tuned caller what kind of
stuff should i make
specifically i made another one of these
because it's a metal and it's a white
type material
and if we look at crafting the tuned
cauldron
it's a white type material if we sort by
category value
most of the metals here and the second
item is what gets me to flip and rotate
uh the higher end ones are
of metals tend to be red type materials
but this is a white type material
and the next one for plants we can get
some of these
in here
i have two of these
[Music]
and here
we're using this one i guess
will this go well now
which cauldron now it's again probably
going to be a little tricky to pull this
off
[Music]
okay i'll try it
but i think i can do it
if we put this here
follow it up with
one of these here
[Music]
and this one here it's going to
overwrite
that first one but that doesn't matter
anyway all right
this looks great that ups the bonus
display and helps out with the
other items now this we can put here
going great that'll increase the panel
size and help out
a lot with
i might not be able to fully pull this
off
actually no if i put it here let's see
if this gets it it does
if we look over there we have well
tuning doesn't matter it's tuning is
tuning
all the way up to rotate on the second
item bonus display level three and i'm
not sure
exactly what that does and panel size up
to six by six
which gives me even more leeway so we
will definitely create
that that's going to make it a lot
easier
to be able to craft better stuff
so full rotate bonus display 3 panel 6x6
that should help out a lot now what
that's going to let me
try to do is some of those other alchemy
ideas i hope
if we look into recipe ideas
oh we got a new category here
investigating a bridge using a bomb
a magic item and a medicine
i can try making that which i'll
definitely want to do
and memo from a heated battle
causing wounds and taking wounds
[Music]
back over here
supreme hot milk that's hot
and puni jelly with division
hmm it's a training training mastery and
getting one not sure exactly what we're
gonna do there
[Music]
but let's see what kind of stuff should
i make
if we can make
[Music]
supreme hot milk should i choose that's
hot
if we sort this by encyclopedia only so
that
the ones with the same color are
together and i want to try to get
[Music]
hmm
i might want to pick up some more paper
grab one of those and then use that
magic page
[Music]
now this i do want to sort by category
value here
okay
let's uncheck these actually
[Music]
which material should i say these this
going this is going to be blue
regardless
[Music]
but this if i sort by category value
i can do yellow for this and the next
one
and we'll do
[Music]
hmm
will this go well now which cauldron
if we do the tuned cauldron there are
some yellow ones over in the corner
so we need to focus on that i'll try it
and i feel like something great
that's what we need to focus
[Applause]
wow this looks kind of amazing
[Music]
i think this would be best here
will just get me up to hot not quite
[Music]
if we do i'll try this here
another one there
how about that
will this go well that gets me to warm
[Music]
i need to get all the whipped 80 for hot
don't think i can pull it off right now
now which cauldron how about that puny
one
which material should i choose
[Music]
now if i do blue for all of these
um
will this go well now let's see if i can
pull this off
okay i'll try it now ideally i'm going
to want to put this one
there
now which cauldron do we have any of
these
that are either a one or a diagonal or
something that i could sneak
in there yeah we can do this
[Music]
size enhance or defense super enhanced
um
[Applause]
we have any others
[Music]
that are blue that would work there
maybe one of these
[Music]
i miss one no
i'm just trying to see if there's any
that
nope it looks like that's gonna be your
best option as one of these
i hate to use one of these up but we'll
use that one and then
okay i'll try it
so we'll start out by putting one of
those there this looks kind of amazing
all right add that one there
[Music]
all right
and that
[Music]
you can fit that one there
will this go well and it won't quite get
up to what we need
all right we put it there
[Music]
and going right there
will this go well no that's even worse
all right this looks great
[Applause]
how about if we do it in this order
it's going great
put one of these here all right this
looks great
going great there
all right this looks great
it's going great
will this go well no i don't think i can
quite get that one up either
[Music]
now so i guess we can't do those yet
but we still have a better cauldron it
we are able to get closer
which is definitely good
[Music]
what kind of stuff should i make i do
want to make
some of that new cloth
material should i choose
now for this we're going to want to sort
by quality
[Music]
and we're going to want things that go
on
armor
[Music]
i don't think either of these can go on
armor no
[Music]
[Applause]
this no that's for weapons
[Music]
quality up may be good how i consume mp
that won't go on armor
but that will i think i'll do that for
the quality
now here
will speed boost go on our no just an
[Music]
accessory
how about all statin hands all statin
hands will go
on armor so that's another good one to
have
[Music]
if we do this then we'll get that super
quality up trait
mp super enhanced that can also go on
armor so let's do
that and here we'll want
and the speed super enhances temp now it
won't go on armor so that's
that's that that i don't think
[Music]
now
these all the high quality ones tend to
have good traits that i don't
necessarily want to
end up wasting because of the limit on
how many i can put on at once
[Music]
put that one in
and that
[Music]
and you can put that in
now which cauldron okay
i'll try it oh this reaction is
impossible
again great as far as i know
and please correct me if i'm wrong
this reaction for things that don't have
bars down there what we do here doesn't
matter
will this go well yeah i should finish
it it's good
what traits should i transfer let's see
we do want
pro perfection
and
[Music]
the rest of the things are are things we
want that go
on armor
[Music]
parameters plus six can go on armor
all stat enhance can go on armor
[Music]
consume mp won't
increase all stats by five and base
stats by six percent
is this really okay yeah we'll do that
that's probably pretty good
all right it's done
now we'll need to register that
[Music]
one other thing that i was thinking of
these are all friend level 100 here's a
i'm thinking i might want to swap people
out
and raise their friend level because if
i look here
safer in level 25 and 45
i think i need to do events for these
people
[Music]
so i'm gonna start swapping people out
so
i need to do is strip these people of
equipment
[Music]
as useful as they are
most of the things we're fighting i can
probably get away without them
so on the front lines we will put
[Music]
[Applause]
well let's go ahead and take monica and
oscar they're our friends
and we haven't had them in the party for
a while
[Music]
now let's give them some decent
equipment here
that we're gonna be making better armor
in a minute anyway
[Music]
now let's see
since oscar i think is going to be on
the front line he'll take
that i think has better defense plus 22
[Music]
yeah i think
he'll get that
[Music]
and see who has
i'll give him that one and
monica what do you have
we use that now you have
50 lp and you have 89 lp
so monica should get the lp boost
and we'll give her that as well
now item-wise
[Music]
you don't have a whole lot of options
compared to some of the other characters
[Music]
i'll give you a couple ice bombs i guess
and maybe a lightning bomb
[Music]
yeah we'll give you one of these let's
see